README.md, before:

# Mindustry Production Mod
![GitHub Logo](/sprites/git/example.png)
This is a mod for Mindustry that gives you iron, steel, oil processing, and alternative ways of generating materials like titanium and thorium. This mod also makes the end-game sightly harder.

There are two ways to add this mod to your game.
- Method 1: Find your mods folder and move the folder containing this file to the mods folder.
- Method 2: Open Mindustry, go to the mods, go to import from github, and enter "What42Pizza/mindustry-production-mod".


If you want to contact me, please do it over discord using @what42pizza.




## Here is everything this mod adds:



#### Blocks:

- Sand Sifter Titanium:
  - Input: 50 Sand
  - Output: 1 Titanium

- Sand Sifter Iron:
  - Input: 10 Sand
  - Output: 1 Iron

- Sand Sifter Aluminum Ore:
  - Input: 10 Sand
  - Output: 1 Aluminum Ore

- Scrap Maker:
  - Input: 2 Copper + 1 Lead
  - Output: 2 Scrap

- Titanium Forge:
  - Input: 1 Lead + 3 Graphite
  - Output: 1 Titanium

- Steel Forge:
  - Input: 2 Iron + 1 Coal
  - Output: 2 Steel

- Thorium Crystalizer:
  - Input: 2 Titanium + 10 Thorium Sludge
  - Output: 2 Thorium

- Thorium Mixer:
  - Input: 5 Heavy Oil + 1 Thorium
  - Output: 15 Thorium Sludge

- Aluminum Forge:
  - Input: 2 Aluminum Ore
  - Output: 1 Aluminum

- Steel Wall:
  - Takes 6 Steel
  - Health: 500

- Large Steel Wall:
  - Takes 24 Steel
  - Health: 2000

- Coal Liquifier:
  - Input: 1 Coal + 1 Water
  - Output: 2 Oil

- Oil Distiller:
  - Input: 20 Oil
  - Output: Petroleum Containers, Light Oil Containers, Heavy oil Containers, and Sludge Containers (about 2.5 of each per second, except sludge container, which gives about 6.25 per second)

- Petroleum Emptyer
  - Input: 1 Petrolem Container
  - Output: 5 Petroleum

- Light Oil Emptyer
  - Input: 1 Light Oil Container
  - Output: 5 Light Oil

- Heavy Oil Emptyer
  - Input: 1 Heavy Oil Container
  - Output: 5 Heavy Oil

- Sludge Burner:
  - Input: 1 Sludge Contianer
  - No output

- Light Oil Burner:
  - Input: 5 Light Oil
  - No output

- Heavy Oil Burner:
  - Input: 5 Heavy Oil
  - No output

- Light Oil Cracker
  - Input: 25 Light Oil
  - Output: 15 Petroleum

- Heavy Oil Cracker
  - Input: 15 Heavy Oil
  - Output: 10 Light Oil

- Advanced Light Oil Cracker
  - Input: 15 Light Oil + 1 Cracking Catalyst
  - Output: 20 Petroleum

- Advanced Heavy Oil Cracker
  - Input: 40 Heavy Oil + 1 Cracking Catalyst
  - Output: 50 Light Oil

- Catalyst Crusher
  - Input: 1 Aluminum
  - Output: 3 Cracking Catalyst

- Sludge Press:
  - Input: 2 Sludge Containers
  - Output: 2 Oil + 1 Sand

- Asphalt Mixer:
  - Input: 3 Sludge Containers + 5 Sand
  - Output: 5 Asphalt

- Asphalt Wall:
  - Takes 50 Asphalt
  - Health: 600

- Large Asphalt Wall:
  - Takes 200 Asphalt
  - Health: 2500

- Petroleum Filler:
  - Input: 1 Petroleum
  - Output: 1 Petroleum Container

- Petroleum Generator:
  - Takes 1 Pretroleum Container
  - Output: 600 Power / Second

- Plastic Forge:
  - Input: 5 Petroleum
  - Output: 1 Plastic

- Plastic Conveyor:
  - Takes 2 Plastic + 1 Titanium
  - Speed: 18 Items / Second

- Plastic Conveyor Disconnected:
  - Takes 2 Plastic + 1 Titanium
  - Speed: 18 Items / Second
  - Does not connect to machines

- Tiny Drill:
  - Base Dill Speed: 0.03 Items / Second
  - Size: 1x1

- Tiny Pneumatic Drill:
  - Base Dill Speed: 0.05 Items / Second
  - Size: 1x1

- Plastic Fighter Factory:
  - Input 10 Plastic + 5 Aluminum
  - Output: Plastic Fighter Unit





#### Items:

- Iron (mined from ground)
- Steel (made by Steel Forge)
- Aluminum Ore (mined from ground)
- Aluminum (made by Aluminum Forge)
- Sludge Container (made by Oil Distiller)
- Petroleum Container (made by Oil Distiller and Petroleum Filler)
- Light Oil Container (made by Oil Distiller)
- Heavy Oil Container (made by Oil Distiller)
- Plastic (made by Plastic Forge)
- Asphalt (made by Asphalt Mixer)



#### Liquids:

- Petroleum (made by Oil Distiller)
- Light Oil (made by Oil Distiller)
- Heavy Oil (made by Oil Distiller)
- Thorium Sludge (made by Thorium Mixer)



#### Units:

- Plastic Fighter



#### Enviroment:

- Iron Ore
- Aluminum Ore
- Snow Sand
- Pine (Deconstructable)
- Map: Iron Mountains
- Map: Base Infiltration (Broken)



#### Other changes:

- Hail turrets now have a range of 35 blocks
- Salvos now take about 1 second to build
- Wave turrets now take petroleum, light oil, and heavy oil as ammo
- Items now take 10 frames instead of 26 frames to pass through junctions
- Junctions now have an item capacity of 2 instead of 6
- Seperators can now output iron and aluminum ore too
- Flying units are now made from aluminum instead of titanium

- Plastanium Compressors now take 2 titanium, 2 plastic, and 0 water (because there is no way to completely remove liquid inputs for existing blocks)
- Phase Weavers now take 1 Plastanium + 3 Thorium

Commit message:

added steel ammo to README

README.md, after:

# Mindustry Production Mod
![GitHub Logo](/sprites/git/example.png)
This is a mod for Mindustry that gives you iron, steel, oil processing, and alternative ways of generating materials like titanium and thorium. This mod also makes the end-game sightly harder.

There are two ways to add this mod to your game.
- Method 1: Find your mods folder and move the folder containing this file to the mods folder.
- Method 2: Open Mindustry, go to the mods, go to import from github, and enter "What42Pizza/mindustry-production-mod".


If you want to contact me, please do it over discord using @what42pizza.




## Here is everything this mod adds:



#### Blocks:

- Sand Sifter Titanium:
  - Input: 50 Sand
  - Output: 1 Titanium

- Sand Sifter Iron:
  - Input: 10 Sand
  - Output: 1 Iron

- Sand Sifter Aluminum Ore:
  - Input: 10 Sand
  - Output: 1 Aluminum Ore

- Scrap Maker:
  - Input: 2 Copper + 1 Lead
  - Output: 2 Scrap

- Titanium Forge:
  - Input: 1 Lead + 3 Graphite
  - Output: 1 Titanium

- Steel Forge:
  - Input: 2 Iron + 1 Coal
  - Output: 2 Steel

- Thorium Crystalizer:
  - Input: 2 Titanium + 10 Thorium Sludge
  - Output: 2 Thorium

- Thorium Mixer:
  - Input: 5 Heavy Oil + 1 Thorium
  - Output: 15 Thorium Sludge

- Aluminum Forge:
  - Input: 2 Aluminum Ore
  - Output: 1 Aluminum

- Steel Wall:
  - Takes 6 Steel
  - Health: 500

- Large Steel Wall:
  - Takes 24 Steel
  - Health: 2000

- Coal Liquifier:
  - Input: 1 Coal + 1 Water
  - Output: 2 Oil

- Oil Distiller:
  - Input: 20 Oil
  - Output: Petroleum Containers, Light Oil Containers, Heavy oil Containers, and Sludge Containers (about 2.5 of each per second, except sludge container, which gives about 6.25 per second)

- Petroleum Emptyer
  - Input: 1 Petrolem Container
  - Output: 5 Petroleum

- Light Oil Emptyer
  - Input: 1 Light Oil Container
  - Output: 5 Light Oil

- Heavy Oil Emptyer
  - Input: 1 Heavy Oil Container
  - Output: 5 Heavy Oil

- Sludge Burner:
  - Input: 1 Sludge Contianer
  - No output

- Light Oil Burner:
  - Input: 5 Light Oil
  - No output

- Heavy Oil Burner:
  - Input: 5 Heavy Oil
  - No output

- Light Oil Cracker
  - Input: 25 Light Oil
  - Output: 15 Petroleum

- Heavy Oil Cracker
  - Input: 15 Heavy Oil
  - Output: 10 Light Oil

- Advanced Light Oil Cracker
  - Input: 15 Light Oil + 1 Cracking Catalyst
  - Output: 20 Petroleum

- Advanced Heavy Oil Cracker
  - Input: 40 Heavy Oil + 1 Cracking Catalyst
  - Output: 50 Light Oil

- Catalyst Crusher
  - Input: 1 Aluminum
  - Output: 3 Cracking Catalyst

- Sludge Press:
  - Input: 2 Sludge Containers
  - Output: 2 Oil + 1 Sand

- Asphalt Mixer:
  - Input: 3 Sludge Containers + 5 Sand
  - Output: 5 Asphalt

- Asphalt Wall:
  - Takes 50 Asphalt
  - Health: 600

- Large Asphalt Wall:
  - Takes 200 Asphalt
  - Health: 2500

- Petroleum Filler:
  - Input: 1 Petroleum
  - Output: 1 Petroleum Container

- Petroleum Generator:
  - Takes 1 Pretroleum Container
  - Output: 600 Power / Second

- Plastic Forge:
  - Input: 5 Petroleum
  - Output: 1 Plastic

- Plastic Conveyor:
  - Takes 2 Plastic + 1 Titanium
  - Speed: 18 Items / Second

- Plastic Conveyor Disconnected:
  - Takes 2 Plastic + 1 Titanium
  - Speed: 18 Items / Second
  - Does not connect to machines

- Tiny Drill:
  - Base Dill Speed: 0.03 Items / Second
  - Size: 1x1

- Tiny Pneumatic Drill:
  - Base Dill Speed: 0.05 Items / Second
  - Size: 1x1

- Plastic Fighter Factory:
  - Input 10 Plastic + 5 Aluminum
  - Output: Plastic Fighter Unit





#### Items:

- Iron (mined from ground)
- Steel (made by Steel Forge)
- Aluminum Ore (mined from ground)
- Aluminum (made by Aluminum Forge)
- Sludge Container (made by Oil Distiller)
- Petroleum Container (made by Oil Distiller and Petroleum Filler)
- Light Oil Container (made by Oil Distiller)
- Heavy Oil Container (made by Oil Distiller)
- Plastic (made by Plastic Forge)
- Asphalt (made by Asphalt Mixer)



#### Liquids:

- Petroleum (made by Oil Distiller)
- Light Oil (made by Oil Distiller)
- Heavy Oil (made by Oil Distiller)
- Thorium Sludge (made by Thorium Mixer)



#### Units:

- Plastic Fighter



#### Enviroment:

- Iron Ore
- Aluminum Ore
- Snow Sand
- Pine (Deconstructable)
- Map: Iron Mountains
- Map: Base Infiltration (Broken)



#### Other changes:

- Hail turrets now have a range of 35 blocks
- Salvos now take about 1 second to build
- Wave turrets now take petroleum, light oil, and heavy oil as ammo
- Hail turrets, Slavos, and Spectres now take steel as ammo
- Items now take 10 frames instead of 26 frames to pass through junctions
- Junctions now have an item capacity of 2 instead of 6
- Seperators can now output iron and aluminum ore too
- Flying units are now made from aluminum instead of titanium

- Plastanium Compressors now take 2 titanium, 2 plastic, and 0 water (because there is no way to completely remove liquid inputs for existing blocks)
- Phase Weavers now take 1 Plastanium + 3 Thorium
